Explicitly install all dependencies in GS guide (#384)
purescript/documentation: guides/Getting-Started.md

### Installing Dependencies

Dependencies can be installed using Spago. We will be using the `lists` and `foldable-traversable` libraries shortly, so install those now:

    spago install lists foldable-traversable

> The `lists` library sources should now be available in the `.spago/lists/{version}/` subdirectory, and will be included when you compile your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `lists` and `foldable-traversable` library sources should now be available in the `.spago/lists/{version}/` and `.spago/foldable-traversable/{version}/` subdirectories respectively, and will be included when you compile your project.
```
